Docs: clarify role docs - vars vs params, dependencies (#74104)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/user_guide/playbooks_reuse_roles.rst

Role dependencies let you automatically pull in other roles when using a role. Ansible does not execute role dependencies when you include or import a role. You must use the ``roles`` keyword if you want Ansible to execute role dependencies.

> Role dependencies are pre-requisites, not true dependencies. The roles do not have a parent/child relationship. Ansible loads all listed roles, runs the roles listed under ``dependencies`` first, then runs the role that lists them. The play object is the parent of all roles, including roles called by a ``dependencies`` list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Role dependencies are prerequisites, not true dependencies. The roles do not have a parent/child relationship. Ansible loads all listed roles, runs the roles listed under ``dependencies`` first, then runs the role that lists them. The play object is the parent of all roles, including roles called by a ``dependencies`` list.
```
